feat(metrics): Add metrics section (#8916) (#8969)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/metrics/metrics-explorer-page.mdx

---
title: "Metrics Explorer Page"
sidebar_order: 12

> description: "Learn about how you can visualise and explore your metrics in the Sentry UI."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to visualize and explore your data metrics that are important to you, including latency, processing time, event size, user signups, and conversion rates."
```

Author: Those are just examples of custom metrics one might create, so I wouldn't include them in the high 

```suggestion
description: "Learn how to visualize and explore your application's performance metrics together with custom metrics you send to Sentry, by using the Metrics page."
```

---

<Include name="feature-stage-alpha-metrics.mdx" />

> Once you've started sending metrics to Sentry, you can begin to explore them in the product by navigating to the Metrics page.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've started sending metrics to Sentry, you can explore them in the product using the **Metrics** page. It might take a few seconds for the first datapoints to appear.
```

![Multiple Queries](multiple-queries-2.png)

## Sample Transactions

<Note>Currently only available in Python and PHP</Note>

We believe that metrics are a great tool for analysing your data in aggregate and identifying possible issues. However when it comes to investigating the root cause for a particular anomaly, we think that correlation with other signals such as traces is key. That is why for any metric query, we also surface a list of sample transactions which allow you to go deeper into your investigation.

![Samples Table](samples-table.png)

## Code Locations

<Note>Currently only available in Python and PHP</Note>

When it comes to custom metrics, you can use the code locations tab to see the line of code in your application where your metric is being emitted. This can come in handy when troubleshooting an issue, especially if you were not the one creating the metric in the first place.

![Code Locations](code-locations.png)

## Create Alerts & Dashboards

In order to stay ahead of issues, you can also create metric-based alerts to be notified about unexpected changes or spikes.

> If you want to continuously monitor a particular metric, you can create a Dashboard widget and display it together with other datapoints that matter most to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to continuously monitor a particular metric, click "... > Add to Dashboard" to create a new Dashboard widget. You can configure your dashboard to display custom metrics that matter most to you. To learn more, see [Dashboards](/product/dashboards/).
```
